on closed idea or drums guitar
three times a week dived to our you
about something smelled and was honest but for us
she was a cult place mostly there
we spent wonderful school years
revered as ports and entrances
thank you chest for a happy childhood
here we are the first to crack
let down and after our pool lost
virginity maimed interesting
fun bought on funds and weighed
kilograms with growth of 170 parts but we do not
we can already left our orchestra forever
or bandits
and week
vetoed our
closed idea or drums and guitars
there our group rehearsed for a week
by the door
types of destruction is not too late then what
I have not listened to them before this is me again
this is ours will be just mega serious
basketball hear our dreambox
universal soon closed for safe
sleep it out and we got in advance krutch
work our songs became
he gave himself nests and a journalist in
pink got over their questions here
later I owned a virtuoso accordion such
the same set of these sounds is no demolition so i
from such air release letters china
but
back idea pick guitar
three times a week rehearsed on a fur coat for
I was a closed dressing room
shitty hot very mind deplorable
Liver and kidney condition concert under
the threat of disrupting plans giraffe curb
Argentina's enraged bagel to shreds
delaying for two hours of the concert I started
crawled onto the stage with a white show available
behind long
he and slowly stomp the lotion I will write
a bunch of mic between verses accelerates
behind the closed door
three times a week vetoed our eyes
closed two decks that ordered that
no he himself